text	processed_data
New PFP Hub is not designed for my permits and currently has tripled my work load, with basic data entry and using old/new systems. contributing to administrative burdens on staff, who are already dealing with poorly designed internal systems.      	New PFP Hub is not designed for my permits and currently has tripled my work load with basic data entry and using old new systems contributing to administrative burdens on staff who are already dealing with poorly designed internal systems
LOC8 system has been developed, however we have spreadsheets that have to be created for us to use to track tasks etc.  The system has not reduced work, it has increased the double up and sometimes triple handling of information.	LOC8 system has been developed however we have spreadsheets that have to be created for us to use to track tasks etc The system has not reduced work it has increased the double up and sometimes triple handling of information
New permitting system developed and rolled out but is not well-suited to the permitting functions my team performs, and so several work-arounds have been implemented which result in additional complications, duplication of work and additional points where errors, delays, or procedural failures can occur.	New permitting system developed and rolled out but is not well suited to the permitting functions my team performs and so several work arounds have been implemented which result in additional complications duplication of work and additional points where errors delays or procedural failures can occur
Paper work involved within compliance and enforcement. 	Paper work involved within compliance and enforcement
Pest strategies not complete.  FLAME is not set up to manage pest data well.  Pest strategies need to be completed to assist with recording pest data work completed.	Pest strategies not complete FLAME is not set up to manage pest data well Pest strategies need to be completed to assist with recording pest data work completed
The administration around the issuing of infringement notices but also extracting the data for reporting 	The administration around the issuing of infringement notices but also extracting the data for reporting
Utilising FLAME and not having software available that I need because it is no longer supported	Utilising FLAME and not having software available that need because it is no longer supported
internet connectivity - it is not as reliable or fast as on the coast which means that things timeout.  It can take a substantial amount of time just to log on to a computer	internet connectivity it is not as reliable or fast as on the coast which means that things timeout It can take substantial amount of time just to log on to computer
Prescribed burn approval processes. Too many pre fire meeting with groups that never agree, but don't give any constructive feedback. IT Systems that have glitches - FLAME. Approval processes- burns approved then withdrawn, approved burns that need removal but TS doesn't remove them, but then left as approved. 	Prescribed burn approval processes Too many pre fire meeting with groups that never agree but don give any constructive feedback IT Systems that have glitches FLAME Approval processes burns approved then withdrawn approved burns that need removal but TS doesn remove them but then left as approved
"I experience difficulty in collecting and collating field GIS data collected by operational rangers around the region. Below are a few common issues that numerous QPWS staff experience:
1) We currently do not have a suitable central storage database where rangers are able to unload this data making it accessible to all. 
2) Operational rangers are using a variety of collection tools i.e. handheld GPS units, Android or IOS tablets and other mobile devices to capture data with data being stored in a variety of GIS formats that are not all immediately compatible with the various GIS programs used in DES to analyse the data. 
3) The IT Department is not allowing the use the free program such as DNRGPS, which the department previously had access to. I believe there is an issue with licensing or privacy. This program was extremely useful in converting data files for analysis.
4) There are a number of very good capture tools (forms and programs) that operational rangers could use in the field to capture data and complete surveys but mobile devises such as tablets which are ideal to use to capture this data are not widely available to all rangers           "	experience difficulty in collecting and collating field GIS data collected by operational rangers around the region Below are few common issues that numerous QPWS staff experience 1 We currently do not have suitable central storage database where rangers are able to unload this data making it accessible to all 2 Operational rangers are using variety of collection tools handheld GPS units Android or IOS tablets and other mobile devices to capture data with data being stored in variety of GIS formats that are not all immediately compatible with the various GIS programs used in DES to analyse the data 3 The IT Department is not allowing the use the free program such as DNRGPS which the department previously had access to believe there is an issue with licensing or privacy This program was extremely useful in converting data files for analysis 4 There are number of very good capture tools forms and programs that operational rangers could use in the field to capture data and complete surveys but mobile devises such as tablets which are ideal to use to capture this data are not widely available to all rangers
Flame operations setting up planned burns 	Flame operations setting up planned burns
Loc8.  Difficult to navigate the program compared to previous systems	Loc8 Difficult to navigate the program compared to previous systems
Asset management using the Loc 8 System, System is cluttered and hard to use, tasks that were kept track of and done regularly using the SAMS system are being forgotten about or do not exist (hard to tell with out sifting through each task). 	Asset management using the Loc 8 System System is cluttered and hard to use tasks that were kept track of and done regularly using the SAMS system are being forgotten about or do not exist hard to tell with out sifting through each task
Flame pest, while it uses the VBMF no links are live, so you end up having to duplicate things like completing SPMP pest funding bids. All the effort to put the data into Flame pest and if doesn't flow though to other process that require that data. Also reporting through the treatment sets is of little value so sperate pest reports need to be done, duplicating the process especially for funded projects.  	Flame pest while it uses the VBMF no links are live so you end up having to duplicate things like completing SPMP pest funding bids All the effort to put the data into Flame pest and if doesn flow though to other process that require that data Also reporting through the treatment sets is of little value so sperate pest reports need to be done duplicating the process especially for funded projects
QPWS&P system. We use multiple system for different task ie. Loc8, Flame pest, flame fire ect. and none of these systems talk to eachother or fulfil the requirements	QPWS system We use multiple system for different task ie Loc8 Flame pest flame fire ect and none of these systems talk to eachother or fulfil the requirements
Just about everything we do these days requires some form of paperwork. approval, decisions take a long time, if people are away or relieving etc the process gets held up and this is why things don't get done on time or frequently out in the field. Some approvers don't risk responsibility so they just leave it and the task sits in limbo	Just about everything we do these days requires some form of paperwork approval decisions take long time if people are away or relieving etc the process gets held up and this is why things don get done on time or frequently out in the field Some approvers don risk responsibility so they just leave it and the task sits in limbo
data entry, rushed training.	data entry rushed training
"Using The Flame ""Pest"" system. The system is clunky and is set up for parks that have already been VBMF assessed.

Then after tedious, non-intuitive data entry we are required to regurgitate the same information for project proposals and reporting when the information is already in the system for managers to access.   "	Using The Flame Pest system The system is clunky and is set up for parks that have already been VBMF assessed Then after tedious non intuitive data entry we are required to regurgitate the same information for project proposals and reporting when the information is already in the system for managers to access
"There are many areas where the paperwork requirements are increasing are becoming a huge part of the workload. Safety requirements in relation to vessels ""risk assessments etc never cease to expand"" and end up interfering with day to day duties. From planning a trip to returning to base from the trip the amount of documentation to fill out is becoming a burden (Pre trip Plan/ Log in with Remote area emergency services/ Vessel Logbooks/ Emergency Preparedness/Risk Assessments/Toolbox talks/Field Reporting Systems."	There are many areas where the paperwork requirements are increasing are becoming huge part of the workload Safety requirements in relation to vessels risk assessments etc never cease to expand and end up interfering with day to day duties From planning trip to returning to base from the trip the amount of documentation to fill out is becoming burden Pre trip Plan Log in with Remote area emergency services Vessel Logbooks Emergency Preparedness Risk Assessments Toolbox talks Field Reporting Systems
"There are many areas where the paperwork requirements are increasing are becoming a huge part of the workload. Safety requirements in relation to vessels ""risk assessments etc never cease to expand"" and end up interfering with day to day duties. From planning a trip to returning to base from the trip the amount of documentation to fill out is becoming a burden (Pre trip Plan/ Log in with Remote area emergency services/ Vessel Logbooks/ Emergency Preparedness/Risk Assessments/Toolbox talks/Field Reporting Systems."	There are many areas where the paperwork requirements are increasing are becoming huge part of the workload Safety requirements in relation to vessels risk assessments etc never cease to expand and end up interfering with day to day duties From planning trip to returning to base from the trip the amount of documentation to fill out is becoming burden Pre trip Plan Log in with Remote area emergency services Vessel Logbooks Emergency Preparedness Risk Assessments Toolbox talks Field Reporting Systems
When a changes is required to online camping booking system to make camping areas accurate it requires Regional Director approval. Excessive level of approval and slows the process down considerably	When changes is required to online camping booking system to make camping areas accurate it requires Regional Director approval Excessive level of approval and slows the process down considerably
Coordinating finalisation of fire and pest documents and flow through the approval process in FLAME	Coordinating finalisation of fire and pest documents and flow through the approval process in FLAME
ParkPlanner - data entry for health checks. Data entered has gone missing from the system and there is no clear process for the data entry. Base layers i.e. key value mapping has either not been entered or vetted which is delaying the process of data entry.	ParkPlanner data entry for health checks Data entered has gone missing from the system and there is no clear process for the data entry Base layers key value mapping has either not been entered or vetted which is delaying the process of data entry
Flame 	Flame
Loc8	Loc8
	
FLAME (fire & pest treatment entries)...never have enough office time to enter all our treatments into the system. Too many tasks, not enough rangers within each team.	FLAME fire pest treatment entries never have enough office time to enter all our treatments into the system Too many tasks not enough rangers within each team
The process for approving fire and pest proposals and strategies in Flame is not simple, logical when not doing all the time. Need to contact the co-ordinator to talk through different screens to approve. 	The process for approving fire and pest proposals and strategies in Flame is not simple logical when not doing all the time Need to contact the co ordinator to talk through different screens to approve
Data collection and record keeping	Data collection and record keeping
dealing with a task that used to be done by another team. Our unit has now taken on board the duty phone for all wildlife enquiries and this limits our capacity to respond to operational requirements.	dealing with task that used to be done by another team Our unit has now taken on board the duty phone for all wildlife enquiries and this limits our capacity to respond to operational requirements
The GBRMPR's RJFMP's Field Reporting System (FRS). A great in-field reporting tool, but is independent of and not integrated at all with the Commonwealth or State Case Management Systems and collation tools. Effectively means that the region is running 3-4 databases/software where there could be one bespoke product.	The GBRMPR RJFMP Field Reporting System FRS great in field reporting tool but is independent of and not integrated at all with the Commonwealth or State Case Management Systems and collation tools Effectively means that the region is running 3 4 databases software where there could be one bespoke product
"The necessity to compete for funding within our own department/region. We are a ""one department"" yet we consistently need to put forward competitive submissions to fund operations that are our core business. This happens specifically in the pest management arena but also across other business areas such as roads maintenance. This is a time consuming process across multiple levels of ranger and AO staff, with very limited opportunity of any funding at all. If we cannot, or will not, fund our core responsibilities on park, time would be better spent controlling pests with sticks on ground."	The necessity to compete for funding within our own department region We are one department yet we consistently need to put forward competitive submissions to fund operations that are our core business This happens specifically in the pest management arena but also across other business areas such as roads maintenance This is time consuming process across multiple levels of ranger and AO staff with very limited opportunity of any funding at all If we can not or will not fund our core responsibilities on park time would be better spent controlling pests with sticks on ground
	
Processes for getting Flame work flows approved (Strategies, Actions and Plans)	Processes for getting Flame work flows approved Strategies Actions and Plans
Loc8 asset management	Loc8 asset management
Stock mustering permits. Form is difficult for neighbours to complete. Contains required information for large musters so discourages small mobs to be addressed. 40 days to approve timeline is unrealisitc for 20 head standing next to a gate. Some of our parks are HUGE. Once cattle are 20km away from fence needs major infrastructure and cost to remove them. Approval by RD is excessive and slows down process. Frustrates neighbours and rangers on ground trying to be proactive and control cattle impacts and return stock to their owners.	Stock mustering permits Form is difficult for neighbours to complete Contains required information for large musters so discourages small mobs to be addressed 40 days to approve timeline is unrealisitc for 20 head standing next to gate Some of our parks are HUGE Once cattle are 20 km away from fence needs major infrastructure and cost to remove them Approval by RD is excessive and slows down process Frustrates neighbours and rangers on ground trying to be proactive and control cattle impacts and return stock to their owners
There isn't one system that is overly challenging. It is the fact that our work is so varied that there are so many systems and if each takes a little bit of data input then it doesn't take long to be overbearing. Off the top of my head there is, CIMS, FLAME fire, Flame Pest, Loc8, Promaster, the procurement portal. If each of these requires attention daily or weekly, it quickly becomes a lot of administration. 	There isn one system that is overly challenging It is the fact that our work is so varied that there are so many systems and if each takes little bit of data input then it doesn take long to be overbearing Off the top of my head there is CIMS FLAME fire Flame Pest Loc8 Promaster the procurement portal If each of these requires attention daily or weekly it quickly becomes lot of administration
Flame (pest & fire), Loc8, QLD Globe & VBMF - SHOULD ALL BE LINKED..!!!!!	Flame pest fire Loc8 QLD Globe VBMF SHOULD ALL BE LINKED
Input of data captured in the field, often the admin takes longer and is harder to find that doing the job in the field. 	Input of data captured in the field often the admin takes longer and is harder to find that doing the job in the field
Obtaining approval to carry out a pest management activity requires several endorsement stages that occur outside of FLAME. This means approvals can get stalled for very long periods, and the primary benefit of FLAME (managing approvals and endorsements, and keeping an indelible record of that process) is lost. Strategic documents and operation documents both require some endorsement or approval outside the FLAME system, and this process varies from region to region, and is largely undocumented. The recording of pest treatment data in FLAME is overly time consuming and duplicated elsewhere. FLAME does not collect much useful treatment information, and it is very difficult to retrieve the low-quality information that it does collect.	Obtaining approval to carry out pest management activity requires several endorsement stages that occur outside of FLAME This means approvals can get stalled for very long periods and the primary benefit of FLAME managing approvals and endorsements and keeping an indelible record of that process is lost Strategic documents and operation documents both require some endorsement or approval outside the FLAME system and this process varies from region to region and is largely undocumented The recording of pest treatment data in FLAME is overly time consuming and duplicated elsewhere FLAME does not collect much useful treatment information and it is very difficult to retrieve the low quality information that it does collect
Funding for pest management activities must be applied for each year, with funding cycles interrupting the main seasonal window for on-ground works (the northern dry season is split by the June/July FY break).  This means that long-term pest management programmes (most pest management activities - even early intervention eradication programs are at least 5-10 years long) are carried out inefficiently, with work frantically taking place in Q4 of a FY, followed by patiently waiting for another round of funding, then another frantic bout of activity from whenever the funding arrives and the end of the field work season.  This often means a month or more of inactivity during the best time of year for pest management.	Funding for pest management activities must be applied for each year with funding cycles interrupting the main seasonal window for on ground works the northern dry season is split by the June July FY break This means that long term pest management programmes most pest management activities even early intervention eradication programs are at least 5 10 years long are carried out inefficiently with work frantically taking place in Q4 of FY followed by patiently waiting for another round of funding then another frantic bout of activity from whenever the funding arrives and the end of the field work season This often means month or more of inactivity during the best time of year for pest management
Reviewing assessment tasks that relate to activities undertaken on estate areas. Delegations are often quite high, e.g. DG, when they could be set at a lower level; assessment templates need to be reviewed/modernised/made relevant, at time there are additional regional processes applied on top on the normal assessment requirements. The new permits hub also doesn't seem to make the process any easier and is currently quite clunky.	Reviewing assessment tasks that relate to activities undertaken on estate areas Delegations are often quite high DG when they could be set at lower level assessment templates need to be reviewed modernised made relevant at time there are additional regional processes applied on top on the normal assessment requirements The new permits hub also doesn seem to make the process any easier and is currently quite clunky
"One example is coordinating and developing a response to a views request from another Department that has come through for a response say in a fortnight. My tasks requires me to seek input from operational staff, draft a letter in most cases and prepare a map, write a briefing note and then progress via corro/mecs. This is not a quick process, and in many situations requires a lot of research into the history of such request and if QPWS has responded in the past and in what way (so not to contradict any previous responses). This is difficult due to poor historic filing challenges that we have.
Challenges associated with these sorts of tasks:
- Briefing notes - often as a briefing note is progressed through inline management details are modified/changed that in some cases alter the context of factual background information. This is not often discussed with the original author at the time, and only received by the original author once a brief is approved - this can have long term impacts for people who use briefs as the 'source of truth'. 
- number of approvers in briefing notes and delegations make items lengthy to get through approvals. In saying this though, it is critical upper management are aware of responses as they have long term impacts (i.e more land to manage etc)
- a big challenge I face daily is upper managements organisation (email management specifically)- as a mid-level supervisor I have now had to keep track of when I send anything to my supervisor/other mid level managers and continually follow up a response, otherwise it does not get actioned. I do this in the form of using Teams PLANNER and Spreadsheets to track what date I sent something up the line on, I also add calendar reminders to follow up in my calendar if a response has not been received by such date. This upper management is on top of managing my incoming workload for requests, my own MECs items and managing a large team - this is very time consuming. It is extremely frustrating to have to manage up - especially when responses are urgent to other departments and you then are the one who has to ask for an extension when in reality the drafted responses has sat in some ones in-tray for a week or more. 
- Time frames - for the author it is usually a VERY quick turn around on MECs items and a stressful task to complete it in the required time frame what is frustrating is once you have done your task as the author the item often then sits with Principal Rangers/Directors etc for over a week or more."	One example is coordinating and developing response to views request from another Department that has come through for response say in fortnight My tasks requires me to seek input from operational staff draft letter in most cases and prepare map write briefing note and then progress via corro mecs This is not quick process and in many situations requires lot of research into the history of such request and if QPWS has responded in the past and in what way so not to contradict any previous responses This is difficult due to poor historic filing challenges that we have Challenges associated with these sorts of tasks Briefing notes often as briefing note is progressed through inline management details are modified changed that in some cases alter the context of factual background information This is not often discussed with the original author at the time and only received by the original author once brief is approved this can have long term impacts for people who use briefs as the source of truth number of approvers in briefing notes and delegations make items lengthy to get through approvals In saying this though it is critical upper management are aware of responses as they have long term impacts more land to manage etc big challenge face daily is upper managements organisation email management specifically as mid level supervisor have now had to keep track of when send anything to my supervisor other mid level managers and continually follow up response otherwise it does not get actioned do this in the form of using Teams PLANNER and Spreadsheets to track what date sent something up the line on also add calendar reminders to follow up in my calendar if response has not been received by such date This upper management is on top of managing my incoming workload for requests my own MECs items and managing large team this is very time consuming It is extremely frustrating to have to manage up especially when responses are urgent to other departments and you then are the one who has to ask for an extension when in reality the drafted responses has sat in some ones in tray for week or more Time frames for the author it is usually VERY quick turn around on MECs items and stressful task to complete it in the required time frame what is frustrating is once you have done your task as the author the item often then sits with Principal Rangers Directors etc for over week or more
The requirement to enter non-burn treatments (eg. spraying, slashing/brush cutting, grazing) for P-Zones onto FLAME - extremely time consuming as it requires - setting the treatment up as a non-burn proposal, approving this proposal into a non-burn plan, initiating then finalising sit rep of treatment and finalising the treatment with a non-burn report that has a lot of irrelevant details (eg. weather observations) for non-burn treatments.	The requirement to enter non burn treatments eg spraying slashing brush cutting grazing for Zones onto FLAME extremely time consuming as it requires setting the treatment up as non burn proposal approving this proposal into non burn plan initiating then finalising sit rep of treatment and finalising the treatment with non burn report that has lot of irrelevant details eg weather observations for non burn treatments
"Staff are scared to make decisions on approving things for fear of repercussions, this leads to many layers of approvals that are unnecessary red tape. It would mean people with strong egos need to let go of control and trust their staff. 
"	Staff are scared to make decisions on approving things for fear of repercussions this leads to many layers of approvals that are unnecessary red tape It would mean people with strong egos need to let go of control and trust their staff
The timeframe in getting approval for pest plans etc.	The timeframe in getting approval for pest plans etc
Getting operational management to apply due care to management of protected area decisions.  There are too many encroachments on parks left unaddressed, too many QPWS structures built on the wrong tenure, too many protected areas progressed to the desired level and too many cows on protected areas. 	Getting operational management to apply due care to management of protected area decisions There are too many encroachments on parks left unaddressed too many QPWS structures built on the wrong tenure too many protected areas progressed to the desired level and too many cows on protected areas
Commercial Activity Agreements - Issue is that current policy states that any commercial activity requires a separate CAP or CAA.  A strict interpretation does not allow for a large event to allow subcontracting of multiple vendors. Hence an event such as a festival requires every vendor to complete a separate CAP. This either results in  the event not going ahead or multiple CAPs to be processed. The current interpretation of the policy severely restricts adaptive reuse opportunities on suitable sites in protected estates. 	Commercial Activity Agreements Issue is that current policy states that any commercial activity requires separate CAP or CAA strict interpretation does not allow for large event to allow subcontracting of multiple vendors Hence an event such as festival requires every vendor to complete separate CAP This either results in the event not going ahead or multiple CAPs to be processed The current interpretation of the policy severely restricts adaptive reuse opportunities on suitable sites in protected estates
Staff attending wildfires in different areas of the Queensland during wildfire periods.  The challenge is that some regions have set up wildfire suspense accounts to cover overtime and TA and provide that cost centre to incoming crews.  Some regions in South East Queensland  do not have wildfire suspense accounts and expect staff travelling to those areas to incur all expenses and costs associated with overtime and travel and then transfer it at a later date.	Staff attending wildfires in different areas of the Queensland during wildfire periods The challenge is that some regions have set up wildfire suspense accounts to cover overtime and TA and provide that cost centre to incoming crews Some regions in South East Queensland do not have wildfire suspense accounts and expect staff travelling to those areas to incur all expenses and costs associated with overtime and travel and then transfer it at later date
Getting approval for renewals, assessments or applications for resource authorities on state forests and protected areas.	Getting approval for renewals assessments or applications for resource authorities on state forests and protected areas
"Pest proposals in flame are clunky and overtly beaurocratic in nature.  They rely on the existence on non-existent VBMF's for parks to allow normal every day management of pests on park, however because these frameworks do not exist every pest management activity needs to be entered into and approved in flame as an off strategy proposal.  
This is a lengthy process which requires approval at three levels.  I have been working for over 1 year to get approval in flame to shoot pigs at mossman gorge.  This is even after my management unit was told directly by the then regional director to shoot the pigs. It is not that easy, we have to go through flame to do so. 
The approvals process takes that long because you have to rely on people taking the time to read over the plan and approve it.  If it hits any sort of a roadblock, such as a box not being ticked that common sense says should be ticked it is not a simple phone call to correct the error, it is returned to the very first step in creation and the overt process starts anew.  The process cripples management at the operational base level because it prevents us from doing what we are employed and obligated to do through beaurocracy. There is no point showing up to work when you aren't allowed to do your job and it is quite literally making me feel like there is no point in what I do anymore."	Pest proposals in flame are clunky and overtly beaurocratic in nature They rely on the existence on non existent VBMF for parks to allow normal every day management of pests on park however because these frameworks do not exist every pest management activity needs to be entered into and approved in flame as an off strategy proposal This is lengthy process which requires approval at three levels have been working for over 1 year to get approval in flame to shoot pigs at mossman gorge This is even after my management unit was told directly by the then regional director to shoot the pigs It is not that easy we have to go through flame to do so The approvals process takes that long because you have to rely on people taking the time to read over the plan and approve it If it hits any sort of roadblock such as box not being ticked that common sense says should be ticked it is not simple phone call to correct the error it is returned to the very first step in creation and the overt process starts anew The process cripples management at the operational base level because it prevents us from doing what we are employed and obligated to do through beaurocracy There is no point showing up to work when you aren allowed to do your job and it is quite literally making me feel like there is no point in what do anymore
Admin requirements impeded on implementing and delivering on-ground outcomes for operational Rangers.	Admin requirements impeded on implementing and delivering on ground outcomes for operational Rangers
	
the use Of Flame	the use Of Flame
Jus t being a field worker and then having to work out how the use the P.C and enter the data take a lot of time   	Jus being field worker and then having to work out how the use the and enter the data take lot of time
"Entering sit reps into FLAME. Complex button clicking order for it to accept the spatial  information, dropping out and loosing inputed data, having difficultly getting fire origin to ""take"" on the map and having a page rejected due to a field not being filled out, but having to click the tiny edit button hidden in the top corner, its response time and using big map, the modified map can only be saved as PDF or GIF not so you can modify your layers"	Entering sit reps into FLAME Complex button clicking order for it to accept the spatial information dropping out and loosing inputed data having difficultly getting fire origin to take on the map and having page rejected due to field not being filled out but having to click the tiny edit button hidden in the top corner its response time and using big map the modified map can only be saved as PDF or GIF not so you can modify your layers
Our team manages requested changes to the webpage and to the camping booking system. In the past our team had access to make small changes to both places but now all changes have to go to two other teams: WebServices and the Camping Booking team and the delegation for approvals for both is Regional Director. 	Our team manages requested changes to the webpage and to the camping booking system In the past our team had access to make small changes to both places but now all changes have to go to two other teams WebServices and the Camping Booking team and the delegation for approvals for both is Regional Director
I am aware that there is a lot of mapping data stored by individual work units, for example their walking tracks. However, it seems that this data is not always updated to spatial services in a reliable way. Our team helps to produce a range of interpretive materials, including webpages, signs, brochures, pdf maps. When we request a map from spatial services they often do not have the most up to date data (particularly walking tracks), or they are uncertain how reliable their data is. Usually they ask us to request data from the RIC, but it would make more sense if this was stored somewhere centrally. 	am aware that there is lot of mapping data stored by individual work units for example their walking tracks However it seems that this data is not always updated to spatial services in reliable way Our team helps to produce range of interpretive materials including webpages signs brochures pdf maps When we request map from spatial services they often do not have the most up to date data particularly walking tracks or they are uncertain how reliable their data is Usually they ask us to request data from the RIC but it would make more sense if this was stored somewhere centrally
"I'm an older generation team member with very field orientated skill sets.
My IT literacy is minimal and poor understanding how data systems function and interact with other systems. 
(eg Flame) "	an older generation team member with very field orientated skill sets My IT literacy is minimal and poor understanding how data systems function and interact with other systems eg Flame
Use of multiple systems requiring data/reporting instead of a single system delivering for multiple  areas of business.   	Use of multiple systems requiring data reporting instead of single system delivering for multiple areas of business
Emergency Hub is not up to date with data.	Emergency Hub is not up to date with data
"Increasing staff administration tasks taking up valuable Operational Officer field worker time.
 "	Increasing staff administration tasks taking up valuable Operational Officer field worker time
Other staff not seeing the value of the process and being uncooperative	Other staff not seeing the value of the process and being uncooperative
Delegation for approving pest management processes (Action Plans etc.) are too high - get caught up in RD backlog and will impact on being able to implement actions on the ground when they expire.	Delegation for approving pest management processes Action Plans etc are too high get caught up in RD backlog and will impact on being able to implement actions on the ground when they expire
